README.md, before:

# WebShop
Project done by Jann Basso

## Technologies used
- PHP
- MySql
- VSCode


## Goal
Implement back-end with PHP in OOP (front-end already given).


### Must-have features

- All the features of the home page must work

  - Register & sign in/out

  - Client account 

  - Research bar 

  - Newsletter (only add the email address to the database)

  - The shopping cart must work (add / remove / calculate / order)

    

### Nice-to-have features

- All img should be displayed dynamically
- The shop filters are working (sidebar shop)
- Wishlist
- Contact Us


## Evaluation criterias
| Criteria       | Indicator                                                    | Yes/No |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| 1. Is complete | The student has realized all must-have features and one Nice-to-have feature |        |
|                | The rules of the MVC model and the OOP are respected         |        |
|                | The repo is clean                                            |        |
|                | The readme is clean                                          |        |
| 2. Is Correct  | The student has realized 4 of must-have features and one Nice-to-have feature |        |
|                | The rules of the MVC model and the OOP are respected         |        |
|                | The repo is clean                                            |        |
|                | The readme is clean                                          |        |

Commit message:

register, login, myaccount, newsletter, beginning cart

README.md, after:

# WebShop
Project done by Jann Basso

## Technologies used
- PHP
- MySql
- VSCode


## Goal
Implement back-end with PHP in OOP (front-end already given).

Important: MVC not totally correct - there are still left overs of procedural PHP in the views. Tried to use the least I could while studying the best way to do a better MCV model for future projects.

(still not finished)

### Must-have features

- All the features of the home page must work

  - [x] Register & sign in/out

  - [x] Client account (login & security)

  - [] Research bar 

  - [x] Newsletter (only add the email address to the database)

  - [] The shopping cart must work (add / remove / calculate / order) (started it)

    

### Nice-to-have features

- [x] All img should be displayed dynamically (not all, but the products ones yes)
- [] The shop filters are working (sidebar shop)
- [] Wishlist
- [] Contact Us


## Evaluation criterias
| Criteria       | Indicator                                                    | Yes/No |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------ |
| 1. Is complete | The student has realized all must-have features and one Nice-to-have feature |        |
|                | The rules of the MVC model and the OOP are respected         |        |
|                | The repo is clean                                            |        |
|                | The readme is clean                                          |        |
| 2. Is Correct  | The student has realized 4 of must-have features and one Nice-to-have feature |        |
|                | The rules of the MVC model and the OOP are respected         |        |
|                | The repo is clean                                            |        |
|                | The readme is clean                                          |        |
